README.adoc, before:

:toc: macro
:toc-title:
:toclevels: 99

# react-popover

image:https://travis-ci.org/littlebits/react-popover.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/littlebits/react-popover"]


toc::[]



## Installation

```
npm install --save react-popover
```



## Demos

* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/playground.html[Playground]
* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/rows.html[Rows]
* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/jsx.html[Using JSX]
* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/frame.html[frameEl]

To run demos locally execute `npm start`. If you do not see logs in the console refresh the browser once (https://github.com/littlebits/react-popover/issues/35).



## API

### `export default` `Popover(props, target)`

#### `props :: {...}`

---

##### `body :: Node | Array Node`
The `popover` content. Content is rooted (becomes children of) `.Popover-body` and thus `body` can be a single `node` _or an array of `nodes`_.

---

##### `frameEl :: DOMElement | Null`
The element within which the popover should orient itself. Defaults to `window`.

---

##### `isOpen :: Boolean`
Determines Whether or not the popover is rendered.

---

##### `preferPlace :: Enum String | Null`
Sets a ***preference*** of where to position the Popover. Only useful to specify placement in case of multiple available fits. Defaults to `null`. Valid values are:

`above | right | below | left` :: Prefer an explicit side.
`row | column` :: Prefer an orientation.
`start | end` :: Prefer an order.
`null` :: No preference, automatic resolution. This is the default.

---

##### `place :: String | Null`
Like `preferPlace` except that the given place is a ***requirement***. The resolver becomes scoped or disabled. It is scoped if the `place` is an `orientation` or `order` but disabled if it is a `side`. For example `place: "row"` scopes the resolver to `above` or `below` placement but `place: "above"` removes any need for the resolver.

---

##### `onOuterAction :: (Event) -> Void`
A callback function executed every time the user does an action (`mousedown` or `touchstart`) outside the DOM tree of both `Popover` and `Target`. A canonical use-case is to automatically close the Popover on any external user action.

---

##### `refreshIntervalMs :: Number | Falsey`
The polling speed (AKA time between each poll) in milliseconds for checking if a layout refresh is required. This polling is required because it is the only robust way to track the position of a target in the DOM. Defaults to `200`. Set to a falsey value to disable.

---

#### `enterExitTransitionDurationMs :: Number | Falsey`
The amount of time in milliseconds that it takes to complete the enter and exit animation. Defaults to '500'.

---

#### `tipSize :: Number`
Defines the size of the tip pointer.  Use .01 to disable tip.  Defaults to '7'.

---

##### Standard

* Properties like `className` and `style`.


---

#### `target :: React Element`

- The React Element that this popover will orient itself around. `target` `rendering tree` is unaffected. `Popover` _will_ become its `owner`.

Commit message:

Add not about why this is different
* Probably should just make a pull request to the original...

README.adoc, after:

:toc: macro
:toc-title:
:toclevels: 99

# react-popover

image:https://travis-ci.org/littlebits/react-popover.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/littlebits/react-popover"]

**This fork differs from the original in that it lets you specify a frame element other than the window. See the link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/frame.html[demo].**


toc::[]



## Installation

```
npm install --save react-popover
```



## Demos

* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/playground.html[Playground]
* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/rows.html[Rows]
* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/jsx.html[Using JSX]
* link:https://mhgbrown.github.io/react-popover/build/frame.html[frameEl]

To run demos locally execute `npm start`. If you do not see logs in the console refresh the browser once (https://github.com/littlebits/react-popover/issues/35).



## API

### `export default` `Popover(props, target)`

#### `props :: {...}`

---

##### `body :: Node | Array Node`
The `popover` content. Content is rooted (becomes children of) `.Popover-body` and thus `body` can be a single `node` _or an array of `nodes`_.

---

##### `frameEl :: DOMElement | Null`
The element within which the popover should orient itself. Defaults to `window`.

---

##### `isOpen :: Boolean`
Determines Whether or not the popover is rendered.

---

##### `preferPlace :: Enum String | Null`
Sets a ***preference*** of where to position the Popover. Only useful to specify placement in case of multiple available fits. Defaults to `null`. Valid values are:

`above | right | below | left` :: Prefer an explicit side.
`row | column` :: Prefer an orientation.
`start | end` :: Prefer an order.
`null` :: No preference, automatic resolution. This is the default.

---

##### `place :: String | Null`
Like `preferPlace` except that the given place is a ***requirement***. The resolver becomes scoped or disabled. It is scoped if the `place` is an `orientation` or `order` but disabled if it is a `side`. For example `place: "row"` scopes the resolver to `above` or `below` placement but `place: "above"` removes any need for the resolver.

---

##### `onOuterAction :: (Event) -> Void`
A callback function executed every time the user does an action (`mousedown` or `touchstart`) outside the DOM tree of both `Popover` and `Target`. A canonical use-case is to automatically close the Popover on any external user action.

---

##### `refreshIntervalMs :: Number | Falsey`
The polling speed (AKA time between each poll) in milliseconds for checking if a layout refresh is required. This polling is required because it is the only robust way to track the position of a target in the DOM. Defaults to `200`. Set to a falsey value to disable.

---

#### `enterExitTransitionDurationMs :: Number | Falsey`
The amount of time in milliseconds that it takes to complete the enter and exit animation. Defaults to '500'.

---

#### `tipSize :: Number`
Defines the size of the tip pointer.  Use .01 to disable tip.  Defaults to '7'.

---

##### Standard

* Properties like `className` and `style`.


---

#### `target :: React Element`

- The React Element that this popover will orient itself around. `target` `rendering tree` is unaffected. `Popover` _will_ become its `owner`.
